> py -m venv venv
> venv\Scripts\activate
> pip install django
> django-admin startproject university .
> py manage.py startapp account
> py -m pip install djangorestframework
> py -m pip install djangorestframework-simplejwt
> py -m pip install djoser   
> py -m pip install django-cors-headers

Settings

2. update settings

3. Create User Model - to use a custom user model, you should define it in account/models.py and then set it in the settings.py:

4. Make migrations and create superuser

5. create the serializers for user registration and user details.

6. Create Views - Since Djoser provides the views for us, we don't need to create custom views for authentication. Djoser handles the standard views for registration, login, logout, etc.

7.  Set Up URL Routing - We'll need to set up the URL routes for Djoser's authentication endpoints. Create a new file account/urls.py. and update it to include the account app URLs.

8.  Configure Token Handling - We already configured SimpleJWT in the settings. Now, we'll ensure that tokens are issued and handled correctly.

9. Configure Token Handling - We already configured SimpleJWT in the settings. Now, we'll ensure that tokens are issued and handled correctly.

10. Testing the Authentication Endpoints- Run the Django Development Server: Test the Endpoints:

Register a new user: POST /api/auth/users/

Log in: POST /api/auth/jwt/create/

Retrieve user details: GET /api/auth/users/me/

Update user details: PUT /api/auth/users/me/

Change password: POST /api/auth/users/set_password/

Logout: POST /api/auth/jwt/blacklist/ (if using token blacklisting)

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Setup Frontend - installed app frontend via nextJs and installed dependacies axios and js-cookie.y to implement Authentication system at frontend to consume APIs endpoints generated by our backend. we may use httpOnly cookie tpo store authentication tokens and zustand as state management package.

1.  Create a New Next.jsProject:  First, create a new Next.jsproject

> yarn create next-app frontend
> cd frontend
> yarn add axios
> yarn add js-cookie
> yarn add zustand
> yarn add react-hook-form
> yarn add react-hot-toast
> yarn add react-toastify 

2.  Set Up State Management with Zustand - Create a Zustand store to manage authentication state.
utils/store.js

3. 